{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 From: "CASEY KLIMKOWSKY (RIT Student)" <cek3403@rit.edu>\
Subject: Re: This fall\
Date: July 25, 2013 6:52:20 PM EDT\
To: Daniel Krutz <dxkvse@rit.edu>\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Not a problem. I actually worked with a hard-of-hearing student this past Spring Quarter and had a not-so-great experience. The student had a cochlear implant and there was no interpreter for the class, so I assume he was able to hear at least some of what my other teammates and I said to him, but he still was not very responsive to any of us. My teammates and I ended up picking up the work the hard-of-hearing teammate would have completed because we did not want to fall behind on the project. Although I'm sure communication was a large issue, the hard-of-hearing student didn't appear to have much of a work ethic either (he didn't contribute during meetings, browsed the Internet during class, etc.). However, I do admit that my teammates and I certainly could have made more of an effort to communicate with him, since we chose to complete extra work rather than collaborate with him. As for how the SE educational experience for hearing-impaired students could be improved, I think an extra effort towards communication between both parties is necessary. It would probably be beneficial for the professor to be aware of any hearing-impaired students in the class and check up with the team(s) those students are placed on to ensure that the team is working well together. \
\
Hope that helps. Let me know if you have any more questions or would like me to elaborate on anything. \
\
Sent from my iPhone\
}